Suggestion : pc_isdead script command (#7434)
rathena/rathena: doc/script_commands.txt

Note: Only works with classes that use the ranking system.

---------------------------------------

*pc_isdead({<char id>})

> Returns 1 if the player is dead else 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns true if the player is dead else false.
```
